Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: Speaking-character-ai
Version: 0.1.2
Summary: A Speaking Character AI is a Python library designed to create virtual characters capable of engaging in interactive conversations. It can synthesize speech, generate text-based dialogue, and animate expressions or gestures in response to user inputs, enhancing the user experience in applications such as games, virtual assistants, and storytelling platforms.
Home-page: https://speakingcharacter.ai/
Author: Speaking Character AI
Author-email: contact@speakingcharacter.ai
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.8
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.9
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.10
Requires-Python: >=3.8
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
Requires-Dist: Flask==2.3.3
Requires-Dist: Werkzeug==3.0.1

AI Voice Cloning & Storytelling Application

This application leverages advanced AI technology to generate personalized, unique voices for a variety of use cases, including storytelling, emotional connection, and educational purposes. The possibilities are endless with voice cloning, offering both entertainment and practical applications.

Key Features & Use Cases:

Personalized Storytelling – Create custom characters with unique voices to enhance storytelling and entertainment experiences.
Voice Cloning for Emotional Connection – Reconnect with lost loved ones by recreating their voices, preserving memories and fostering emotional connections.
Recreating Historical Figures – Bring historical figures to life with accurate voice simulations for educational and historical learning.
Unlimited Voice Cloning – Offer users unlimited voice cloning capabilities for various projects and applications.
Entertainment and Virtual Companionship – Provide AI-generated characters for engaging conversations, entertainment, and emotional support.
Language Learning – Enhance language skills by using AI voices for interactive practice and pronunciation.
This AI-powered tool opens doors to a world of creative and emotional possibilities, making voice technology more accessible and impactful.

Explore more at https://speakingcharacter.ai
